Added configuration for Embarcadero-Borland Clang Compiler 64 (BCC64) (#23377)
openssl/openssl: NOTES-WINDOWS.md

=========================================

This toolchain (a descendant of Turbo/Borland C++) is an alternative to MSVC.

> OpenSSL currently includes an experimental 32-bit and 64-bit configuration targeting the

Reviewer: "an" is singular, but we now have two configurations, so 
```suggestion
OpenSSL currently includes experimental 32-bit and 64-bit configurations targeting the
```

Author: fix it here https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/23377/commits/ed9e258e2e10dad91e43bbc342b73d35d66b5591

> Clang-based compiler (`bcc32c.exe` and `bcc64.exe`) in v10.3.3 Community Edition.

Reviewer 2: Should that be updated to v10.3 or later? The latest release being 12.2

 3. Go to the root of the OpenSSL source directory and run:
    `perl Configure BC-32 --prefix=%CD%`

>     for Win64 build use:

Reviewer: I think it's more natural to say
```suggestion
    for Win64 builds use:
```

Author: fix it here https://github.com/openssl/openssl/pull/23377/commits/ed9e258e2e10dad91e43bbc342b73d35d66b5591
